[path_provider] Documentation update for Readme.md and example app (#5)
CodemateLtd/plugins: packages/path_provider/path_provider/README.md

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `path_provider` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-channels).

> Please see the example app of this plugin for a full [example][example] app.

Reviewer: I don't think this link will work when published on pub.dev

Add the following import:
```dart
import 'package:path_provider/path_provider.dart';
```

## Supported platforms and paths

Methods support by platform

| Dir | Android | iOS | Linux | macOS | Windows |
| :--- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Temporary | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| Application Support | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| Application Library | ❌️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| Application Documents | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |
| External Storage | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌️ | ❌️ |
| External Cache Directories | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌️ | ❌️ |
| External Storage Directories | ✔️ | ❌ | ❌ | ❌️ | ❌️ |
| Downloads | ❌ | ❌ | ✔️ | ✔️ | ✔️ |

### Temporary Directory

> Path to the temporary directory on the device that is not backed up and is

Reviewer: Not sure we should say "not backed up" -- that can't be guaranteed, some platforms might

suitable for storing caches of downloaded files.

Example:
``` dart
Future<String?> requestDirectoryPath() async {
  try {

>     Directory directory = await getTemporaryDirectory();

Reviewer: Can be `final`

>     String dirPath = directory.path;

Reviewer: Can be final

    return dirPath;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

### Application Support Directory

> Path to a directory where the application may place application support files.

Reviewer: Can we provide an example of what these are?

Example:
``` dart
Future<String?> requestDirectoryPath() async {
  try {
    Directory directory = await getApplicationSupportDirectory();

>     String dirPath = directory.path;

Reviewer: Both can be `final`

    return dirPath;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

### Application Library Directory

> Path to the directory where application can store files that are persistent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to the directory where an application can store persistent files,
```

> backed up, and not visible to the user, such as sqlite.db.

Reviewer 2: would "Path to the directory where application can store files that are persistent." be enough and more generic

Reviewer: Again, we can't guarantee these are backed up - should we say "on some platforms"?

Example:
``` dart
Future<String?> requestDirectoryPath() async {
  try {
    Directory? directory = await getLibraryDirectory();
    String? dirPath = directory.path;
    return dirPath;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

### Application Documents Directory 
Path to a directory where the application may place data that is

> user-generated, or that cannot otherwise be recreated by your application.

Reviewer 2: If this can described a bit better? Not sure what would be better phrasing @tomgilder ?

Reviewer: I feel like it can be simpler: "Path to a directory where the application can store user-generated documents."

Example:
``` dart
Future<String?> requestDirectoryPath() async {
  try {
    Directory? directory = await getApplicationDocumentsDirectory();

>     String dirPath = directory.path;

Reviewer: This isn't valid code with null safety, and both can be `final`

Probably want to check the other code samples for null safety compatibility too

    return dirPath;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

### External Storage Directory

> Path to a directory where the application may access top level storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to a directory where the application may access top-level storage.
```

The current operating system should be determined before issuing this
function call, as this functionality is **only available on Android**.

Example:
``` dart
Future<List<Directory>?> requestDirectories() async {
  try {
    Directory? directory = await getExternalStorageDirectory();
    String? dirPath = directory?.path;
    return dirPath;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

### External Cache Directories

> Paths to directories where application specific external cache data can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths to directories where application-specific external cache data can be
```

Can we provide an example of what type of files this would be?

stored. These paths typically reside on external storage like separate
partitions or SD cards. Phones may have multiple storage directories
available.

The current operating system should be determined before issuing this
function call, as this functionality is **only available on Android**.

Example:
``` dart
Future<List<Directory>?> requestDirectories() async {
  try {
    List<Directory>? directories = await getExternalCacheDirectories();
    return directories;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

### External Storage Directories

> Paths to directories where application specific data can be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths to directories where application-specific data can be stored.
```

These paths typically reside on external storage like separate partitions
or SD cards. Phones may have multiple storage directories available.

The current operating system should be determined before issuing this
function call, as this functionality is **only available on Android**.

Example:
``` dart
Future<List<Directory>?> requestDirectories() async {
  try {
    List<Directory>? directories = 
        await getExternalStorageDirectories(type: StorageDirectory.pictures);
    return directories;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

### Downloads Directory
Path to the directory where downloaded files can be stored.
This is typically only relevant on desktop operating systems.

Example:
``` dart
Future<String?> requestDirectoryPath() async {
  try {
    Directory? directory = await getDownloadsDirectory();
    String? dirPath = directory.path;
    return dirPath;
  } catch (e) {
    // HANDLE ERROR
  }
  return null;
}
```

> On Android and on iOS, this function throws an [UnsupportedError] as no equivalent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android and iOS, this function throws an [UnsupportedError] as no equivalent
```

path exists.

## Testing

> `path_provider` now uses a `PlatformInterface`, meaning that not all platforms share the a single `PlatformChannel`-based implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`path_provider` now uses a `PlatformInterface`, meaning that not all platforms share a single `PlatformChannel`-based implementation.
```
